the global monetary system is one of
debt maximum debt can equate to maximum
wealth there is a complete and distinct
correspondence between the amount of
debt and select asset prices no longer
is wealth created by hard work and
dedication it is formulated by a
computer algorithm acting against your
favor you came here for the truth so let
me unveil that for you today we are
going to get into these 10 charts stay
with me I'll move through it as fast as
possible we are looking at Silver and
Gold and you can see what has happened
gold and silver primarily chasing each
other at this time and while there are
differences and fluctuations golden
silver for the most part are ones that
rally
together you will note that there are
extreme levels of manipulation taking
place within the gold and silver markets
and I believe this is very easy to do
versus some other let's say fixed income
for example because the markets for both
of them are very very small there is
only so much gold and silver out there
and it is very clear to me that when the
markets are smaller it is extremely easy
for the computer algorithms to go out
there and manipulate as they see fit
let's just move on very
quickly looking at this the S&P
obviously hitting new highs it's doing
very well and nobody can deny that what
about the commodity index well in the
past few months it is taking an absolute
beating and what type of Commodities are
we referring to I would say that many
different Commodities including
Industrial metals have seen a dramatic
fall
recently this is something that tells
me that we have a cause for concern in
the near future I don't know what's
going to happen exactly but these better
reverse course right away or we have a
problem this is something very
interesting as you can see the Dow Jones
right at that very last minute getting a
nice little boost from the
algorithms pushing it just up and over
the 21,000 Mark of course these are all
psychological numbers and there are also
the algorithms which are programmed to
buy at certain levels and sell and
everything else so I do believe that was
an intentional lift up at that time I
would also like to note that you can see
the vix trading within a range
throughout the day I mean there's a
clear and distinct range that's been
forming look it just zigzags up and down
but never really goes
around Beyond those
levels and you have to start
wondering are the markets trading
naturally to any degree is there any
semblance of reality in these and I
would have to say it seems
unlikely now check this out there's a
few charts here in a row I'm going to
show you total system leverage
government corporate household and
margin in
Banks versus the gross domestic product
and you can see a great
Divergence in between these
two the GDP which is a fake number as it
is but then you compare that to the
total system leverage and you have a
very serious problem it cannot be
supported by this it's going to have to
be supported either by crashing down and
finding its new happy medium
or being supported by the Federal
Reserve by central
banks total system leverage versus the
SNP
500 and you will note
specifically that they trade
very very well together you can see
wherever there are spikes they come
together whenever they're are heading
their way down to somewhat of a degree
anyway and this is telling me that the
more debt there is the higher the S&P
the higher the Dow Jones and all the
other markets can go
they trade together debt is the New
Wealth total system leverage versus the
GDP and this connects in with the next
chart as
well yes the total system leverage
versus the
GDP we can see that going up clear
however the GDP itself when you think
about
it has since of course the downward
Trend at interest rates has
declined and that has become a very
serious problem people don't really
realize how important that is total
system
leverage but showing you
specifically required for $1 of GDP and
that is the Shaded in
area
and there is something that is very
clear once again
again
that you have to figure the more time
that goes on the less these dollars buy
and that's what this chart is showing
you the money doesn't go as far as it
used to whether it's in relation to debt
or whether it is in relation to you
going to the
store and look at this Japan has been
supporting its economy for quite some
time you'll
see the ETF Holdings are ridiculous
right now at this time in Japan I mean
they've bought basically everything I
think it was 2third of all the
ETFs and you look at the stock
market it has been rather stagnant for a
little while here but I mean they can
push it up if they need to that's not
the issue the question is how much of
the stock market percentage wise is the
Bank of Japan willing to purchase and I
would say
100% would be a realistic
number and essentially all this is
trying to show you is that anytime
there's a dip the central banks are
there to back stop
it and this is a very
clear chart
here are 10 charts for you that show
you this
dismal present forget about the future
but present if you just
extract the share
prices from the equation and you look at
the other indicators out there because
share prices equities let's say are one
indicator Ator of the economy but that's
within 1,000 indicators is just
one and that's what I really don't get
about some people who claim that just
because the stock market is going
up that somehow the economy is doing
well I just don't understand it I really
don't look look at how and I've shown
you this before the pension prices
Pension funds are going bankrupt at the
same time the stock market is rising
how's that possible how's it
possible that there are shortfalls
everywhere in government the stock
market's
Rising people are supposedly doing
better than ever consumer confidence is
up yet they are not doing well that's
the real
reality
now I'll leave it at that I really like
to show the charts I don't like to get
into too much detail on all the
technicals but I really like to show the
charts because it's visual it's in your
face people see it and they instantly
can relate and understand it I hope you
appreciate the charts I don't like to do
every video about charts of course but I
hope you appreciate that I include these
and that I do videos dedicated into this
if you found it informative please give
me a thumbs up last but not least if you
found the video informative I know you
will find my books the money GPS and my
new release global economic collapse
even more
informative the new book is basically
about becoming
self-sufficient it does cover familiar
subjects from the first book which is
talking a lot about the forc classes how
you can profit from that and really goes
into detail about that so they work
synergistically together so I hope that
if you're interested you're going to go
over to Amazon look at the look inside
feature which allows you to flip through
the pages of the book and see if you
like it take
care now I don't want to get ahead of
myself here but I think I found
something very interesting about what's
happening with my YouTube
channel and
I'm not going to do a video about it yet
but I'm just going to monitor
this in the last couple days I
received the lowest amount of views that
I have in a very long
time
and while I'm okay with not getting as
many views you know as long as my true
fans are listening and by the way if
you're made it this far you're probably
a true
fan that you look at the views I got on
that video in that
day and let's say I got 3,000 views
within a 24hour
period Then
I look at the
analytics and it
shows let's say 2
views just on one video I would have
gotten let's say 3,000 views plus all my
other
videos and then I look at my analytics
and it's showing me let's say 2,000
views something's not right forget about
the
AdSense that that's been terrible that's
been terrible for a long
time but the actual views that's what
I'm worried about I'm looking at the
view counts which I think are
manipulated to begin
with but just going by the view counts
that YouTube is showing me doesn't match
up to what the analytics are saying and
that to me is very strange and is very
concerning actually anyway just wanted
to bring that to you and uh I'll try to
get some more info out as soon as
possible so stay tuned take care